14/WAKU2-MESSAGE: Move to Stable (#120)
vacp2p/rfc-index: waku/standards/core/14/message.md

If the attribute is omitted, it SHOULD be interpreted as timestamp 0.

- The `ephemeral` attribute, if present, signifies the transient nature of the message.

> For example, an ephemeral message SHOULD not be persisted by the [64/WAKU2-NETWORK](/waku/standards/core/64/network.md).

Reviewer: `64` describes a specific instantiation of a Waku network and this RFC is more general.

```suggestion
For example, an ephemeral message SHOULD not be persisted by other nodes on the same network.
```

### Confidentiality, integrity, and authenticity

The level of confidentiality, integrity, and
authenticity of the `WakuMessage` payload is discretionary.
Accordingly, the application layer shall utilize the encryption and
signature schemes supported by [10/WAKU2](/waku/standards/core/10/waku2.md),
to meet the application-specific privacy needs.

### Reliability of the `timestamp` attribute

The message `timestamp` attribute is set by the sender.
Therefore, because message timestamps aren’t independently verified,
this attribute is prone to exploitation and misuse.
It should not solely be relied upon for operations such as message ordering.
For example, a malicious actor can arbitrarily set the `timestamp` of a `WakuMessage`
to a high value so that it always shows up as the most recent message
in a chat application.
Applications using [10/WAKU2](/waku/standards/core/10/waku2.md) messages’ `timestamp` attribute
are RECOMMENDED to use additional methods for more robust message ordering.
An example of how to deal with message ordering against adversarial message timestamps
can be found in the Status protocol,

> see [62/STATUS-PAYLOADS](/status/62/payloads.md/#clock-vs-timestamp-and-message-ordering).

Author: I am not sure if this should be removed. I believe this security consideration is still relevant if the implementation does not include RLN. But if the RLN proof `timestamp` attribute is a solution to deter malicious actors, should this be described in this section?

> see [62/STATUS-PAYLOADS](/status/62/payloads.md/#clock-vs-timestamp-and-message-ordering).

Reviewer: Afaik the `timestamp` validation is still WIP and not specified properly (so we can't reference it). I wouldn't suddenly introduce RLN concepts here. Perhaps it's enough to simply state the problem as is done in this section.
